Update override-component.mdx (#1791)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/component-customization/adding-extra-properties-to-a-native-component.mdx

---

> title: ' Adding extra props to a native component'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: ' Overriding native component's props'
```

> title: ' Adding extra properties to a native component'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: ' Adding extra props to a native component'
```
In the frontend development ecosystem, we just call them props, so for better SEO, I think it's better to call them what people search for.

sidebar_label: 'Component Customization'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

<header>

> # Overriding native component's properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Overriding native component's props
```

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

> In this guide you'll learn how to customize a native component by adding extra properties to it.  By adding extra properties, you can customize the behavior of a component without modifying the integration built for the native component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide you'll learn how to customize a native component by adding extra props to it.  Adding extra props allows you to customize a component's behavior without modifying the integration built for the native component. 
```

This approach is particularly useful when you want to change specific aspects of a native component while preserving its integration. 

For example, if you want to change the value set in the Price component in a PDP, you can add a new value for the component though its props.

## Before you start

**Choose a native section and the component you want to customize.**

> All component customizations in FastStore are done within a section, so choose the native section and component you wish to add extra properties to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All component customizations in FastStore are done within a section, so choose the native section and component you wish to add extra props to.
```

![native-price-component](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/price-component___6f5e46b0ca037bb5e1beff5f67166cf6.png)

## Step by step

1. Create a `components` folder in the `src` directory.
2. Inside the `components` folder, create a file named `Price.tsx` and add the following code:

```tsx
    import React, { FunctionComponent } from "react";
    import { Price as UIPrice, PriceProps } from "@faststore/ui";

    export function Price(props: PriceProps) {
        return <UIPrice {...props} value={800}></UIPrice>;
    };

```
The code above imports the necessary components and props from the @faststore/ui package. It creates a *Custom Price* component that sets the `value` prop to `800`.

3. Create an `overrides` folder inside the `components` folder.
4. Inside the `overrides` folder, create a file named `ProductDetails.tsx`
5. Open the `ProductDetails.tsx` file and add the following code:

```tsx
import { Price as CustomPrice } from "../Price";
import { SectionOverride } from "./types";

const SECTION = "ProductDetails" as const;

const overrides: SectionOverride[typeof SECTION] = {
    components: {

>         Price: CustomPrice,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Price: { Component: CustomPrice },
```
